README.md, before:

# lodash-es6

A collection of [Lo-Dash](http://lodash.com/) methods as [ES6](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification_drafts) modules generated by [lodash-cli](https://npmjs.org/package/lodash-cli).

## Warning

lodash-es6 is currently untested & considered experimental.

## Author

| [![twitter/jdalton](http://gravatar.com/avatar/299a3d891ff1920b69c364d061007043?s=70)](https://twitter.com/jdalton "Follow @jdalton on Twitter") |
|---|
| [John-David Dalton](http://allyoucanleet.com/) |

## Contributors

| [![twitter/blainebublitz](http://gravatar.com/avatar/ac1c67fd906c9fecd823ce302283b4c1?s=70)](https://twitter.com/blainebublitz "Follow @BlaineBublitz on Twitter") | [![twitter/kitcambridge](http://gravatar.com/avatar/6662a1d02f351b5ef2f8b4d815804661?s=70)](https://twitter.com/kitcambridge "Follow @kitcambridge on Twitter") | [![twitter/mathias](http://gravatar.com/avatar/24e08a9ea84deb17ae121074d0f17125?s=70)](https://twitter.com/mathias "Follow @mathias on Twitter") |
|---|---|---|
| [Blaine Bublitz](http://www.iceddev.com/) | [Kit Cambridge](http://kitcambridge.be/) | [Mathias Bynens](http://mathiasbynens.be/) |

Commit message:

Call out es6-module-transpiler and esprima in the readme. [ci skip]

README.md, after:

# lodash-es6

A collection of [Lo-Dash](http://lodash.com/) methods as [ES6](http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=harmony:specification_drafts) modules generated by [lodash-cli](https://npmjs.org/package/lodash-cli).

## Warning

lodash-es6 is untested & considered experimental.<br>
We’re currently waiting for [es6-module-transpiler](https://github.com/square/es6-module-transpiler) & [esprima](https://github.com/ariya/esprima) to catch-up to the latest draft specification.

## Author

| [![twitter/jdalton](http://gravatar.com/avatar/299a3d891ff1920b69c364d061007043?s=70)](https://twitter.com/jdalton "Follow @jdalton on Twitter") |
|---|
| [John-David Dalton](http://allyoucanleet.com/) |

## Contributors

| [![twitter/blainebublitz](http://gravatar.com/avatar/ac1c67fd906c9fecd823ce302283b4c1?s=70)](https://twitter.com/blainebublitz "Follow @BlaineBublitz on Twitter") | [![twitter/kitcambridge](http://gravatar.com/avatar/6662a1d02f351b5ef2f8b4d815804661?s=70)](https://twitter.com/kitcambridge "Follow @kitcambridge on Twitter") | [![twitter/mathias](http://gravatar.com/avatar/24e08a9ea84deb17ae121074d0f17125?s=70)](https://twitter.com/mathias "Follow @mathias on Twitter") |
|---|---|---|
| [Blaine Bublitz](http://www.iceddev.com/) | [Kit Cambridge](http://kitcambridge.be/) | [Mathias Bynens](http://mathiasbynens.be/) |
